About 80% of the world's population
is born with some kind of special trait,
a Quirk, in this superhuman society.
"Quirk"
To fight against villains using
their Quirks to commit crimes,
"Villains"     "Enemies"
the profession of "hero" was created.
I, Izuku Midoriya, dreamed of becoming a hero
and enrolled in the prestigious U.A. High School
as I continue to run toward my dream.
With my friends who are
working toward the same goal,
we stand up to any difficulties
and save people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest heroes!
That's right, this is...
...my hero academia!
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Look, look!
Look at me!
Breaking, breaking!
--Pow, pow!
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Breaking! Breaking!
Pow, pow!
Dancing is her hobby, huh?
if you're gonna wear something under,
then take off your skirt!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off "
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
Mineta, you can't talk like that!
Ashido must be able to
fight well because of her dancing.
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
It's like she uses her
whole body in all her movements.
During our first combat training,
I'll never forget how
she burned through my cape.
And the finals at the sports festival...
I'll never forget that, either.
Maybe I'll try it, too.
Why don't you get her to teach you?
Okay, boy, let's dance!
Oh, um, please teach me!
First, the two-step.
Step forward and back,
left and right, and swing both arms...
L...
Like this...?
Sato's baking is similar, too--
It's nice to be able to apply your hobbies
to hero work. Makes you strong!
Speaking of hobbies,
you have an amazing one, too, right, Jiro?
Hey, stop with that.
You know, your room at the dorm--
It was like a music store in there!
That went past just a hobby!
I said, stop!
Can you just forget about my room?
Man, but that was a pro's room!
Honestly, it was co--
Seriously!
Why...?
"School Festival"
October...
In the fall, at U.A. High School,
we're preparing for a certain event...
The event, which probably
happens at most schools, is...
Um...
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure "
We're going to have a school festival.
"Schooent!"
Schooent!
"*Short for "super normal school event""
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
School festival!
It's a super normal school event!
Let's decide what we're gonna do!
Mr. Aizawa, is this really okay?
To be so carefree in these times?
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Kirishima... you've changed.
But it's true--villains
are flourishing right now!
You're right. That's a very reasonable opinion.
However, U.A. isn't just about the hero course.
If the sports festival is the
big moment for the hero course,
the school festival is for the others--
the support course, general studies,
and business course students--to shine.
"Support Course" "General Studies" "Business Course"
It doesn't get as much attention
as the sports festival,
but for them, it's an
event they look forward to.
And there are those who are feeling
stressed by the current conditions,
which, starting with the dorm system,
came about because of the hero course.
Thinking about it that way,
there's no excuse for not holding it.
Yeah. That's why we can't
just say we won't have it.
Unlike past years, this year,
other than some of the people involved,
the festival will be just for the school.
Even if we aren't the focus,
each class still needs
to participate with something.
You need to decide that today...
He's asleep!
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
I, Tenya Iida, Class 1-A representative,
will take things from here!
I'll do my best to help things go smoothly!
First, put out some options.
If you have a suggestion, raise your hand!
Me, me, me, me!
Their attitudes changed so fast!
I will definitely consolidate everyone's ideas!
Okay, Kaminari!
Let's do a maid café!
This is what I imagine!
This is what I imagine, with more details!
If I add my own desires, it's like this!
So, let's do a maid café!
Maids... So we'd be serving others!
That's not bad!
That's too tame, Kaminari!
Mineta!
A boo--
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
Do you have a weight?
Yeah...
A mochi shop!
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
I see, something Japanese!
An arm-wrestling tournament!
That's intense!
A fun house!
I don't know what that is,
but I'm sure it's interesting!
A crepe shop!
It's great for eating on the go!
A dance!
Sounds dazzling!
A hero quiz.
That's so like you, Midoriya!
Let's sing "Frog Song" in a round.
How charming!
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
A petting zoo.
A petting zoo!
Hand-made soba.
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
It's your favorite!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
A death match.
An unexpected fight to the death!
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow "
A feast of the students of darkness.
Oh-ho!
My twinkling show!
Huh?!
A skit or something?
I see!
Now, any others?
An Asian café!
A dance performance!
A takoyaki shop!
"Maid Café"
"Arm-Wrestling
Tournament"
"Fun House"
"Mochi"
"Students of
Darkness Feast"
"Dance"
"Boo?"
"Skit"
"Local History
Presentation"
"Death Match"
"Petting Zoo"
"Takoyaki"
"Asian Café"
"Dance Performance"
"Study Session"
"Hero Quiz"
"Hand-Made Soba"
"My Twinkling Show"
"Frog Song"
"Crepes"
I think we've got something from everyone now?
I'll eliminate the ones that are
inappropriate, impossible, or confusing.
"Students of Darkness Feast"
"Boo?"
"Death Match"
"My Twinkling Show"
Merciless!
Don't ask us in the first place, then!
The local history presentation
seems kinda boring.
That's true.
It's fine, but the others seem more fun.
I cannot go against the consensus!
We do study sessions all the time.
I thought maybe it would be of help...
Can't we combine all
the food suggestions into one?
Don't you think crepes and soba would clash?
You can't have crepes at an Oriental place.
Quiet down!
We should do a fun house!
What does that mean?
Quiet! Quiet!
We haven't been able to come to a consensus...
Quiet down!
That was a very illogical meeting.
Decide what you'll do by tomorrow morning.
If you don't...
...I'll make it a public lecture.
"Public Lecture"
Public lecture!
That's just studying!
He's joking, right?
Everyone, let's decide what we'll do by tonight!
Yeah!
Huh? Where are the interns?
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail "
Extra classes.
They can't participate in the discussion,
so they said they'd do what we decided.
What about Bakugo?
Sleeping.
Everyone, I took a step back
and thought about it again...
And the stress we cause the other courses
that Mr. Aizawa was talking about--
I think we should do something
to help them relieve that.
You're right.
Those aiming to be heroes
cannot cause trouble for others
without doing anything about it.
In that case, honestly,
I don't think we can offer U.A. students
who know Lunch Rush's cooking
anything that could satisfy their stomachs.
Oh, do you mean we shouldn't do food?
Personally, that's what I think.
If we think about how to
serve students in the other courses...
If you put it that way...
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
It would be rude to them
if we were the only ones having fun.
It's frustrating, but we can't beat Lunch Rush.
Then...
If we look at the ones falling
under experiences, we get...
"Maid Café"
"Arm-Wrestling
Tournament"
"Fun House"
"Mochi"
"Students of
Darkness Feast"
"Dance"
"Boo?"
"Skit"
"Local History
Presentation"
"Death Match"
"Petting Zoo"
"Takoyaki"
"Asian Café"
"Dance Performance"
"Study Session"
"Hero Quiz"
"Hand-Made Soba"
"My Twinkling Show"
"Frog Song"
"Crepes"
...the maid café, petting zoo, or fun house?
A zoo would be hard
to keep sanitary, wouldn't it?
Hmm, stress relief, huh?
We can't do a funny skit?
Watching amateurs perform
is really stressful, you know?
It's fun if we all dance together...
A dance... might be good.
I'm getting support from
someone super unexpected!
Hang on a second.
There was something, wasn't there...?
I don't know what it's called,
but it's the one where
everyone's having a good time.
Oh, something like this.
This isn't something I'd expect from Todoroki.
Did you turn into one of
those "party people," Todoroki?!
No.
I agree with Iida's opinion
that we should provide
stress relief for the other courses.
In order to do that,
don't you think it would be good to offer
a place where everyone can have fun?
The idea came from our supplemental
classes for the provisional license.
What kind of supplemental
classes are they taking...?
I see... Song and dance, huh?
I'll say it again, but watching amateurs
perform is really stressful, you know?
I can teach people how to dance!
Two-step!
An amateur that moved
bizarrely mastered the step in one day!
Ashido's instruction is proven to work!
Wait, you amateurs!
Dance is about rhythm!
In other words, sound!
Party people need the
ultimate music to dance to!
If we're talking about music...
Huh? What?
We can play live music on your instruments!
Wait a second!
What's wrong?
You're really good at playing
and teaching people how to play,
and you always look like you're having
a lot of fun when you play music!
I want to hear your music!
Ashido... and the others...
Their hobbies are all
rooted in hero work, right?
Mine... is really just a hobby...
Honestly, I don't think it's
something I can boast about publicly...
Speaking of hobbies,
you have an amazing one, too, right, Jiro?
Hey, stop with that.
Seriously!
Is that what that was about this afternoon...?
It's super cool to be able
to play so many instruments!
Jiro!
It's a technique that might
be able to make people smile.
I think that's definitely something
you could use in your hero work!
I understand where you two are coming from,
but the decision should
be left up to Jiro herself...
After being told all that...
...to not do it...
...wouldn't be rockin' at all, would it?
"Play Next Video"
Yeah!
Then, Class 1-A will be doing
a live performance and dance
to create a partying atmosphere!
Yeah!
"Mina Ashido"
"Quirk: Acid"
"She can secrete acid from her body and use it to attack or move."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 7/30"
"Height: 159 cm"
"Blood Type: AB"
"Likes: Natto"
"Shota Aizawa"
"Quirk: Erasure"
"He can erase the Quirks of whoever is in his field of vision."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Course Teacher"
"Birthday: 11/8"
"Height: 183 cm"
"Blood Type: B"
"Likes: Cats"
Eri!
"Eri"
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
Sorry I couldn't come see you sooner.
Here's a fruit basket!
Eat some if you'd like!
Is there a fruit you like? Can I try guessing?
It's peaches, right? 'Cause you're like a peach!
Apples...
That's what I thought!
Then, let's peel it! Since it's an apple!
Eri wants to see Midoriya?
"Supplementary Classroom"
Yeah.
Strictly speaking, she's concerned
about Midoriya and Togata.
Apparently, it's her first request
since being admitted to the hospital.
I wonder if it'll be okay...
You had said that it would be
better for her to be kept away
from anything that would
remind her of the incident...
I was worried about
her powers going out of control.
However,
there's no need to worry, at least for now.
Right now, there's no energy left
in that girl to go out of control.
This whole time, even when
I had a fever, I was thinking...
...about when you rescued me.
But I didn't know your name.
I only knew Lemillion.
I wanted to know your name.
I'm Izuku Midoriya. My hero name is Deku!
Um, maybe since Deku is shorter,
it's easier to remember...
Deku. I'm Deku!
Hero name?
It's like a nickname.
Deku.
That's right!
Lemillion. Deku.
And...
...that man wearing glasses...
All of you...
...were injured badly because of me.
We haven't told her about Nighteye.
From what I hear, she's been
blaming everything on herself
and holding onto the guilt.
Because of me, you all suffered...
I'm sorry...
She will find out someday,
but right now, it's too cruel.
It... It was my fault that
you lost your power, Lemillion...
Eri.
No one thought they were suffering.
This is what we all think:
"I'm glad Eri is okay!"
There's no point in apologizing
to someone who doesn't exist.
Don't worry about it.
Everyone fought because
they wanted to see your smile!
I'm sorry...
How do you smile again...?
Eri...
Someone else is about to die because of you!
That's right.
It's easier to be hurt yourself than
to have others get hurt for you, huh?
The shadow of Chisaki is still there...
That's right, this girl...
This girl hasn't been saved yet at all...
She still doesn't know
anything fun or how to smile!
Is there anything that can make Eri smile...?
Surprise.
Surprises make you happy, right?
Wait.
According to the doctor,
the horn that lets her use her Quirk has shrunk.
There's a low chance of it going out of control!
Unlike past years, this year,
other than some of the people involved,
the festival will be just for the school.
Unlike with other activities,
there's a low chance that she'll come
into contact with anyone from the outside!
Mr. Aizawa!
Could Eri leave the hospital for just one day?
It's not impossible,
but anyway, she's going to be--
Then, can Eri come, too?
I see...
The school festival. Can Eri come, too?
School festival?
Eri, this is a great idea!
A school festival is a festival
that takes place at our school!
"School Festival"
The people at school plan things
for everyone at school to have fun,
and they sell food--
Oh, apples! There might be candy apples!
Candy apples...?
It's a type of candy where they
make apples--of all things--even sweeter!
Even sweeter...
All right. I'll talk it over with the principal.
In that case...
Eri, what do you think?
I... thought...
...about the people who saved me...
when I was saved...
I thought about how I wanted
to know more about everyone.
I'll tell you more than you want to know!
Let's work on the principal, too,
to get him to say "yes"!
Okay!
I'm on a break from school right now,
so I can stay with you
the whole time on our date!
Date?
An outing taken by a man
and a woman who are intimate!
An outing taken by a man and a woman...
Togata, what are you saying...?
Chief! Another video's been uploaded!
It's a new post! From him!
We haven't gotten a single clue yet, woof...
Hurry up and investigate
where the post came from, woof!
But they throw up a smokescreen every time!
Just hurry!
"At a certain convenience store"
Yes, sir!
Dear listeners, how are you today?
Today...
...I committed a robbery!
"I've seen you before."
I've seen you before.
You're popular on that video site.
"You're popular on that video site."
Excuse me.
I do not have time to enjoy a chat with you.
Before the heroes come,
please put cash into this briefcase.
Go on!
All right...
Oh, and it would be lovely if you
could put the 1,000-yen bills in stacks of ten.
That's very specific...
Thank you.
Put down your weapons!
This is bad, Gentle! The heroes have arrived!
Will you be all right?
Calm yourself, La Brava.
"A composed Gentle!!"
Do you think just two champions could stop me?
Put down your weapons!
"A bunch came"
All right, come this way!
La Brava.
I know, Gentle!
Cut this part.
"Gentle's so strong!"
Come now, let us go, La Brava.
Wait, Gentle!
You forgot the money!
No, La Brava.
I'm paying the appearance fee.
Money is not my goal.
I want my name to go down in history...
That's right! It is I, Gentle!
"Looking at the camera!"
"So cool, Gentle!!"
Gentle Criminal!
And now, dear listeners, until the next video!
Gentle Video.
See you next time!
They're becoming more elaborate.
Gentle Criminal...
Is he messing around, or is he serious...?
I can't tell at all, woof.
Gentle, Gentle!
What's the matter, La Brava?
We're not getting that many views, Gentle!
Even though you were so wonderful today, too!
I wonder why!
As I thought...
I must accomplish an even greater feat.
A great feat means action...
It is a question for the ages, La Brava.
That's hot!
I am searching, La Brava!
For a scheme that will
make me even more magnificent!
And that scheme will arrive soon...
That's hot!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
For the school festival,
we'll be putting on a show that
combines a band performance with dancing.
We decide what everyone's doing,
on the choreography and costumes,
and put together the
different elements we'll have on stage.
It's all to bring smiles to everyone's faces.
But Gentle Criminal's shrewd
look clings to the backs of our necks.
Next time, "Prepping for the
School Festival Is the Funnest Part."
"Next time: Prepping for the
School Festival Is the Funnest Part"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!